# Google Data Analytics Certification Case Study: Bellabeat
##  Tabel of Contents
* [About](#about)
* [Ask](#ask)
* [Prepare](#prepare)
* [Process](#process)
* [Analysis/Share](#analysis_share)
* [Act](#act)

## About
You are a junior data analyst working on the marketing analyst team at Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women. Bellabeat is a successful small company, but they have the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. Urška Sršen, co-founder and Chief Creative Officer of Bellabeat believes that analyzing smart device fitness data could help unlock new growth opportunities for the company. You have been asked to focus on one of Bellabeat’s products and analyze smart device data to gain insight into how consumers are using their smart devices. The insights you discover will then help guide the marketing strategy for the company. You will present your analysis to the Bellabeat executive team along with your high-level recommendations for Bellabeat’s marketing strategy.

## Ask

### Business Task:

To identify trends of how customers of non-Bellabeat use their smart devices and how we can apply this information to help the marketing team create a strategy.

#### Stakeholders:

- Urška Sršen - Bellabeat co-founder and Chief Creative Officer
- Sando Mur - Bellabeat cofounder and a key member of the Bellabeat executive team
- Bellabeat Marketing Analytics team

## Prepare

### Dataset Used:

The data source used for our case study is FitBit Fitness Tracker Data. This dataset is stored in Kaggle and was made available through Mobius.

Data Source: 30 participants FitBit Fitness Tracker Data from Mobius: https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic/fitbit

### Accessibility and privacy of data:

Verifying the metadata of our dataset we can confirm it is open-source. The owner has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his or her rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law. You can copy, modify, distribute, and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.

### Information about the dataset:

These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Variation between output represents the use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors/preferences.

### Data Organization and Verification:

There are 18 CSV documents available for us to use. Each document represents different quantitative data tracked by Fitbit. This is considered a large amount of data because each subject has multiple rows of data. This is because the data is tracked by day and time.

Because this is a small sample size of thirty users, I chose to sort and filter my tables in Google Sheets. I was able to verify the counted number of users (sample size) and the time length of the analysis took place.

### Data Credibility:

Due to the limitation of size (30 users) and not having any demographic information we could encounter a sampling bias. We are not sure if the sample is representative of the population as a whole. Another problem we would encounter is that the dataset is not current and also the time limitation of the survey (2 months long). That is why we will give our case study an operational approach.

## Process
I chose to complete the rest of the project using R programming language in RStudio

First I installed and loaded the libraries of the following packages:
* tidyverse
* here
* skimr
* janitor
* lubridate
* ggpubr
* ggrepel
* 

I then imported the datasets I would be using to complete the analysis:
''' '''
